Self-contained magic link authenticator (#3563)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/passwordless/magic-link.md

2. Click **Edit** on the `saml2-web-app-pickup-dispatch.com` service provider.

3. Expand the **Local and Outbound Authentication Configuration** section.

> 4. For **Authentication Type**, select the **Local Authentication** radio button and select **Magic Link** from the dropdown list under **Local Authentication**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For **Authentication Type**, select the **Local Authentication** option and then select **Magic Link** from the list.
```
